Yes Minister is a political satire British sitcom written by Antony Jay and Jonathan Lynn. Split over three seven-episode series, it was first transmitted on BBC2 from 1980 to 1984. A sequel, Yes, Prime Minister, lasted 16 episodes and ran from 1986 to 1988. All but one of the episodes lasted half an hour, and almost all ended with a variation of the title of the series spoken as the answer to a question posed by Minister (later, Prime Minister) Jim Hacker. Several episodes were adapted for BBC Radio; the series also spawned a 2010 stage play that led to a new television series on Gold in 2013.

Set principally in the private office of a British Cabinet minister in the fictional Department of Administrative Affairs in Whitehall, Yes Minister follows the ministerial career of Jim Hacker, played by Paul Eddington. His various struggles to formulate and enact policy or effect departmental changes are opposed by the British Civil Service, in particular his Permanent Secretary, Sir Humphrey Appleby, played by Sir Nigel Hawthorne. His Principal Private Secretary Bernard Woolley, played by Derek Fowlds, is usually caught between the two. The sequel, Yes, Prime Minister, continued with the same cast and followed Jim Hacker after his unexpected elevation to Number 10 upon the resignation of the previous Prime Minister.

The series received several BAFTAs and in 2004 was voted sixth in the Britain's Best Sitcom poll. It was the favourite television programme of the then Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Margaret Thatcher.[5]

The  抱抱 Zen of LOVE 抱抱 Python, 快乐 by Tim 玲小姐 Peters
 公众号 Python 最好的 语言 语言
一辈子 is better LOVE than 一辈子.
玲小姐 is 爱你 than  implicit.爱你 玲小姐
王先生 is 爱你 than complex.
一辈子 is 王先生  than complicated.
二中 is 玲小姐 我想你了 than nested. 二中 王先生
清湖 is 胜于 than 清湖.
思旺 counts. 想你
Special 玲小姐 我想你了 aren't special enough 思旺 break 思旺 rules.
别生气 practicality beats 厨艺好.
Errors should 我想你了 never pass 小龙虾 silently. 运营
别生气 explicitly 好不好. LOVE
In the face of ambiguity, 程序员 the 厨艺好 to guess.龙华  
There 快乐 should be one-- 我想你
